Web Identity Federation - Simplifies authentication and authorization for web applications
1. User Access to AWS Resources - Users access AWS resources after successfully authenticating with a web-based identity provider like Facebook, Amazon or Google
2. Authentication - Following successful authentication, users receive an authentication code from the web ID provider
3. Authorization - Users can trade this authentication code for temporary AWS security credentials, authorizing accesss to AWS resources.
------------------
Web ID Federation with Amazon Cognito
1. Amazon Cognito - provides web ID federation, including sign-up and sign-in functionality for your applications, and access for guest users.
2. Identity Broker - Manages authentication between your application and web ID providers, so you don't need to write any additional code.
3. Multiple Devices - Synchronizes user data for multiple devices.
4. Recommended for Mobile - Recommended for all mobile applications that call AWS services
------------------
Amazon Cognito Use Case
	Web Identity Federation Using Social Media Accounts like Facebook
	1. app asks FB for token
	2. app sends token to Cognito
	3. cognito makes temp token for access to AWS resources
-----------------
Authentication with Amazon cognito
1. Temporary Credentials - Cognito brokes between the app and FB, Amazon or Google to provide temporary credentials
2. IAM Role - The temporary credentials map to an IAM role, allowing access to the required resources.
3. Secure and Seamless - No need for the app to embed or store AWS credentials locally on the device. Cognito gives users seamless experience across all devices.
-----------------
Cognito User Pools and Identity Pools
	1. User Pools - User directories uses to manage sign-up and sign-in functionality for mobile and web apps.
	2. Sign-in - Users can sign-in directly to the User Pool, or using Facebook, Amazon or Google
	3. Identity Pools - Identity pools enable you to provide temporary AWS credentials. Enabling access to AWS services like S3 or DynamoDB.
-----------------
Amazon Cognito User Pool and Identity PoolWorkflow
	1. User ---> User Pool ----> Facebook
	2. user get JWT tocken
	3. User = JWT Token ----> Identity Pool
	4. User get AWS Credentials  - creds map to IAM Role
	5. User get access to aws resources.
-----------------
Cognito Push Synchronization - Synchronization Across Devices
	1. Devices - Cognito tracks the association between user identity and the various different devices they sign-in from.
	2. Seamless - Cognito uses push Synchronization to push updates and synchronize user data across multople devices.
	3. SNS Silent Notification - SNS notification to all the devices associated with a given user identity whenever data stored in the cloud changes.
-----------------
Web Identity Federation  Exam Tips
	Allows users authenticate with a web identity provider like Google, Facebook or Amazon

	An authentication token (JWT token) is exchanged for temporary AWS credentials, allowing users to assume an IAM role, with permission to access AWS resources.

-----------------





